= Paypal NVP

Paypal NVP allow to connect your Ruby on Rails application to the Paypal NVP API.

== Release Process

This Gem is owned and managed by the Dev Platform team. Released to [github packages](https://github.com/fac/paypal_nvp/packages).

Packaging is handled by Jenkins, to push a new release:

* Create a PR that increases the version in `version.rb`.
* Get that reviewed and approved.
* Merge, on successful build Jenkins will package the gem and release it to github packages.
* Update the bundles for any applications using this gem.

You can track builds in slack, #paypal_nvp-ci (https://freeagent.slack.com/channels/paypal_nvp-ci) or [#tax-eng-ci](https://freeagent.slack.com/channels/tax-eng-ci). Track releases in #gem-release (https://freeagent.slack.com/channels/gem-release).

See Internal Gems (https://www.notion.so/freeagent/Internal-gems) for more detail.

== Installation

You can install the gem in one of two ways. The first is using the gem install command from the command line:

  $ gem install paypal_nvp

And the second is using Bundler. Simply add `gem 'paypal_nvp'` to your gemfile, then install with the following command:

  $ bundle install

PaypalNVP need an optional paypal.yml file in your config directory (Rails App).
Or you can specify parameter within the constructor

  # You can authenticate using either API Certificate (key_path/cert_path) or API Signature (signature).
  # All those fields are mandatory.

  # Certificate based authentication
  sandbox:
    url:  "https://api.sandbox.paypal.com/nvp"
    user: "o.bonn_1237393081_biz_api1.solisoft.net"
    pass: "1237393093"
    key_path: /etc/paypal/key.pem
    cert_path: /etc/paypal/crt.pem
    open_timeout: 3
    read_timeout: 60

  # Signature based authentication
  sandbox:
    url:  "https://api-3t.sandbox.paypal.com/nvp"
    user: "o.bonn_1237393081_biz_api1.solisoft.net"
    pass: "1237393093"
    signature: "AU2Yv5COwWPCfeYLv34Z766F-gfNAzX6LaQE6VZkHMRq35Gmite-bMXu"
    open_timeout: 3
    read_timeout: 60

  live:
    url:  "https://api-3t.paypal.com/nvp"
    user: "o.bonn_1237393081_biz_api1.solisoft.net"
    pass: "1237393093"
    signature: "AU2Yv5COwWPCfeYLv34Z766F-gfNAzX6LaQE6VZkHMRq35Gmite-bMXu"
    open_timeout: 3
    read_timeout: 60

== Example usage

  p = PaypalNVP.new(true) # true mean "use sandbox"

  # Or you can specify paramaters directly
  p = PaypalNVP.new(true, {
    :user => "o.bonn_1237393081_biz_api1.solisoft.net",
    :pass => "1237393093",
    :signature => "AU2Yv5COwWPCfeYLv34Z766F-gfNAzX6LaQE6VZkHMRq35Gmite-bMXu",
    :url => "https://api-3t.sandbox.paypal.com/nvp",
    :open_timeout => 3,
    :read_timeout => 60,
  })

  data = {
    :version => "50.0", # Default is 50.0 as well... but now you can specify it
    :method => "MyPaypalMethod",
    :amt => "55"
    # other params needed
  }
  result = p.call_paypal(data) # will return a hash
  puts result["ACK"] # Success

== PAYPAL API Documentation

https://cms.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=developer/howto_api_reference
